Refactor notes to recommend using the flex shorthand with keyword values (#38688)
mdn/content: files/en-us/web/css/flex-shrink/index.md

The **`flex-shrink`** [CSS](/en-US/docs/Web/CSS) property sets the flex shrink factor of a flex item. If the size of all flex items is larger than the flex container, the [flex items can shrink](/en-US/docs/Web/CSS/CSS_flexible_box_layout/Controlling_ratios_of_flex_items_along_the_main_axis#the_flex-shrink_property) to fit according to their `flex-shrink` value. Each flex line's [negative free space](/en-US/docs/Web/CSS/CSS_flexible_box_layout/Controlling_ratios_of_flex_items_along_the_main_axis#positive_and_negative_free_space) is distributed between the line's flex items that have a `flex-shrink` value greater than `0`.

> [!NOTE]

> > It is recommended to use the {{cssxref("flex")}} shorthand instead of this longhand, as the shorthand correctly resets any unspecified components to accommodate common uses.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> It is recommended to use the {{cssxref("flex")}} shorthand with a keyword value like `auto` or `initial` instead of setting `flex-basis` on its own. The [keyword values](/en-US/docs/Web/CSS/flex#values) expand to reliable combinations of {{cssxref("flex-grow")}}, `flex-shrink`, and {{cssxref("flex-basis")}}, which help to achieve the commonly desired flex behaviors.
```
